The AUTODIF distribution includes many of the examples discussed in the User's
Guide.

Compiling the examples with make
--------------------------------

If you are familiar with the make utility, the simplest way to compile the
examples is to simply type 'make all' in the shell. See comments on makefile
below.

The following files will be created
-----------------------------------

Makefile - Makefile to compile and link the examples. It is necessary to modify
the makefile to match the configuration of your computer. The definitions of the
macros INCLUDE, LIB, CFLAGS, CC, and LL will usually require modification. Type
"make all" to make all of the examples. To make a single example, type "make
NAME" where NAME is one of the following: simple, hemholtz, minimize, newt,
io_examp, mixture, normsim, neur1, winit, nplot2, robust, robsim.

examples.txt - this file.

hemholtz.cpp - Hemholtz energy example from Chapter 1.
hem_func.cpp - The procedure hemholtz_energy from the Hemholtz energy example.

io_examp.cpp - The input and output example from Chapter 6.

minimize.cpp - The minimization example from Chapter 9.
userfun.cpp - The objective function for the minimization example.

mixture.txt - Instructions for the mixture example.
mixture.cpp - The main() procedure for the complete example in Chapter 13.
fcomp_m.cpp - Objective function for the mixture example.
like.cpp - Likelihood function for the mixture example.
mixture.h - Function prototypes for the mixture example.
normaliz.cpp - The normaliz_p function for the mixture example.
nvarcal.cpp - The nvarcal function for the mixture example.
reset.cpp - The reset function for the mixture example.
savepar.cpp - The save_pars function for the mixture example.
xinit.cpp - The xinit function for the mixture example.
mixture.pa1 - Initial parameter estimates for mixture example.
mixture.pa2 - Initial parameter estimates for mixture example.
mixture.pa3 - Initial parameter estimates for mixture example.
mixture.pa4 - Initial parameter estimates for mixture example.
mixture.par - Initial parameter estimates for mixture example.
mixture.dat - Input length data for the mixture example.
normsim.cpp - Simulator to generate input length data for the mixture example.
normsim.par - Input data to mixture simulator.

newt.cpp - Root finding example from Chapter 12 (Newton-Raphson).

robust.txt - Instructions for the robust regression example.
robust.cpp - Source code for robust regression example.
fcomp_r.cpp - Objective function for robust regression example.
rob_reg.cpp - Source code for AUTODIF robust_regression() procedure.
robsim.cpp - Simulator to generate data for the robust regression.
robust.dat - Output from simulator and input to 'robust' executable.
robsim.par - Input to simulator.

simple.cpp - Simple function minimization example from Chapter 1.
fcomp_s.cpp - Objective function for simple example from Chapter 1.
